Allison SLR (#137)
OpenIntroStat/ims: 24-inf-model-slr.Rmd

::: {.workedexample data-latex=""}
Examine Figure \@ref(fig:elmhurstScatterWLSROnly-CLTsection), which relates the Elmhurst College aid and student family income.

> Are you convinced that the slope is different from zero?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Are you convinced that the slope is meaningfully different from zero?
```

The [`elmhurst`](http://openintrostat.github.io/openintro/reference/elmhurst.html) data can be found in the [**openintro**](http://openintrostat.github.io/openintro) R package.
:::

> The point of the tools in this section are to go beyond a visual interpretation of the linear relationship toward a formal mathematical claim about whether the slope estimate is meaningfully different from 0. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tools in this section help you go beyond a visual interpretation of the linear relationship toward a formal mathematical claim about whether the slope estimate is meaningfully different from 0 to suggest that the true population slope is different from 0.
```
